START HERE:
About Me:
    I am an enthusiastic person who is always driven to expand my boundaries. I am curiousity driven and 
    will research anything that catches my eye or that I need in order to complete a task I am unfamiliar with.
    I am currently putting most of my time into learning new coding technologies as I am an aspiring programmer/
    developer. Programming comes naturally to me due to my methodical ways of solving problems. Logical thinking
    is one of my strongest traits. I take pride in the neatness and quality of my work, the perfectionist in me
    insures pinpoint accuracy with aligning elements for webpages and having neat code. I have 3 years experience
    in the IT industry however it is not for development. I worked at Computer Mania Worcester from December 2014
    to January 2017. I started off sweeping the floor and packing the shelves and slowly worked my way up to the
    till and eventually in 2016 as call out technician. During those two years I learned a lot about the retail 
    world and business environments, I learned how to repair computers, troubleshoot problems and give quality 
    customer support as well as good and informative advice so the customer could make an informed decision 
    before buying our products. I also learned how to set up networks with WiFi or LAN cables, routers, switches,
    servers and computers. While working there I often helped the computer technician with repairs and found that
    very interesting as well as rewarding. I gained a lot of experience in the time that I worked for Computer Mania.

EDUCATION:
High School:
    I attended Worcester Gimnasium High School from 2012 to 2017 and passed with a bachelor's pass.
    Subjects:
        Mathematics
        Physical Science
        Information Technology
        Accounting
        English
        Afrikaans
        Life Orientation
    
    Directly after school I started the Java Post Matric course at Capaciti for 7 months.

MAD SKILLS:
Coding related:
    Java
    HTML
    CSS
    Bootstrap
    Javascript
    AngularJS
    ReactJS
    Python
Not coding related:
    Piano(Grade 6 Trinity Theory and Practical)
    German(Level 1)
    Horse Riding

CONTACT ME:
    Email: ernstkaese@gmail.com
    Phone: 071 108 7685
    LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/ernst-kaese/